FF35 RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats updates (#37722)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcoutboundrtpstreamstats/scalabilitymode/index.md

---
title: "RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats: scalabilityMode property"
short-title: scalabilityMode
slug: Web/API/RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats/scalabilityMode
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCStatsReport.type_outbound-rtp.scalabilityMode
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

The **`scalabilityMode`** property of the {{domxref("RTCOutboundRtpStreamStats")}} dictionary represents the scalability mode for the RTP stream, if one has been configured.

> If not configured, the property does not exist.

Author: ```suggestion
If not configured, the property is undefined.
```

> The mode is used in Scalable Video Coding (SVC) to define how define how a video stream may be encoded to allow for adaptation to different network conditions and receiver capabilities.

Reviewer: link for "Scalable Video Coding"? Maybe see also?

Author: I guess a spec link.

```suggestion
The mode is used in [Scalable Video Coding (SVC)](https://www.w3.org/TR/webrtc-svc/) to define how define how a video stream may be encoded to allow for adaptation to different network conditions and receiver capabilities.
```

Different codecs allow for various kinds of scalability, such as providing different resolution, different frame rates, or different quality levels for a particular video.

The mode may be configured, for example, by specifying the scalability mode as a parameter option in {{domxref("VideoEncoder.configure()")}}, {{domxref("RTCRtpSender.setParameters()")}}, or {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.addTransceiver()")}}.

> [!NOTE]

> > The value does not exist for audio.

Author: The spec uses the term does not exist. You suggested `undefined` below, https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/37722/files#r1941744684, which I prefer.

```suggestion
> For audio streams the property is `undefined`.
```

## Value

> A string indicating the configured scalability mode, such as "L1T1", or the property does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string indicating the configured scalability mode, such as "L1T1", If no mode has been configured, the property is undefined.
```
